and in the seventh month on the first
and in the seventh month on the first day of the month you shall have a holy
day of the month you shall have a holy
day of the month you shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary work for you it is a day of blowing the
work for you it is a day of blowing the
work for you it is a day of blowing the trumpets you shall offer a burnt
trumpets you shall offer a burnt
trumpets you shall offer a burnt offering there's a sweet aroma to the
offering there's a sweet aroma to the
offering there's a sweet aroma to the Lord
Lord
Lord one young born one Ram and seven lambs
one young born one Ram and seven lambs
one young born one Ram and seven lambs in their first year without blemish
in their first year without blemish
in their first year without blemish their grain offering shall be fine flour
their grain offering shall be fine flour
their grain offering shall be fine flour mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah
mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah
mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah for the bowl two-tenths for the RAM and
for the bowl two-tenths for the RAM and
for the bowl two-tenths for the RAM and one tenth for each of the seven lands
one tenth for each of the seven lands
one tenth for each of the seven lands also one kid of the goats as a sin
also one kid of the goats as a sin
also one kid of the goats as a sin offering to make atonement for him
offering to make atonement for him
offering to make atonement for him besides the burnt offering with its
besides the burnt offering with its
besides the burnt offering with its grain offering for the new moon the
grain offering for the new moon the
grain offering for the new moon the regular burnt offering with its grain
regular burnt offering with its grain
regular burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings
offering and their drink offerings
offering and their drink offerings according to their ordinance as a sweet
according to their ordinance as a sweet
according to their ordinance as a sweet aroma an offering made by fire to the
aroma an offering made by fire to the
aroma an offering made by fire to the Lord on the tenth day of this seventh
Lord on the tenth day of this seventh
Lord on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation
month you shall have a holy convocation
month you shall have a holy convocation you shall afflict your souls you shall
you shall afflict your souls you shall
you shall afflict your souls you shall not do any work you shall present a
not do any work you shall present a
not do any work you shall present a burnt offering to the Lord as a sweet
burnt offering to the Lord as a sweet
burnt offering to the Lord as a sweet aroma one young ball one Ram and seven
aroma one young ball one Ram and seven
aroma one young ball one Ram and seven lambs in their first year be sure they
lambs in their first year be sure they
lambs in their first year be sure they are without blemish their grain offering
are without blemish their grain offering
are without blemish their grain offering shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah for the bull
three tenths of an ephah for the bull
three tenths of an ephah for the bull two tenths for the one ram and one tenth
two tenths for the one ram and one tenth
two tenths for the one ram and one tenth for each of the seven lambs also one kid
for each of the seven lambs also one kid
for each of the seven lambs also one kid of the goats as a sin offering
of the goats as a sin offering
of the goats as a sin offering besides the sin offering for atonement
besides the sin offering for atonement
besides the sin offering for atonement the regular burnt offering with its
the regular burnt offering with its
the regular burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings on the fifteenth day of the seventh
on the fifteenth day of the seventh
on the fifteenth day of the seventh month you shall have a holy convocation
month you shall have a holy convocation
month you shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary work and you
you shall do no customary work and you
you shall do no customary work and you shall keep a feast to the Lord seven
shall keep a feast to the Lord seven
shall keep a feast to the Lord seven days you shall present a burnt offering
days you shall present a burnt offering
days you shall present a burnt offering an offering made by fire as a sweet
an offering made by fire as a sweet
an offering made by fire as a sweet aroma to the Lord
aroma to the Lord
aroma to the Lord thirteen young bulls two Rams and 14
thirteen young bulls two Rams and 14
thirteen young bulls two Rams and 14 lambs in their first year there shall be
lambs in their first year there shall be
lambs in their first year there shall be without blemish their grain offering
without blemish their grain offering
without blemish their grain offering shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil
shall be a fine flour mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah for each of the
three tenths of an ephah for each of the
three tenths of an ephah for each of the 13 balls two-tenths for each of the two
13 balls two-tenths for each of the two
13 balls two-tenths for each of the two Rams and one-tenth for each of the 14
Rams and one-tenth for each of the 14
Rams and one-tenth for each of the 14 lambs also one kid of the goats as a
lambs also one kid of the goats as a
lambs also one kid of the goats as a sin-offering
sin-offering
sin-offering besides the regular burnt offering its
besides the regular burnt offering its
besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering and its drink offering on
grain offering and its drink offering on
grain offering and its drink offering on the second day present 12 young bulls
the second day present 12 young bulls
the second day present 12 young bulls two rounds 14 lambs in their first year
two rounds 14 lambs in their first year
two rounds 14 lambs in their first year without blemish and their grain offering
without blemish and their grain offering
without blemish and their grain offering and their drink offerings for the balls
and their drink offerings for the balls
and their drink offerings for the balls for the Rams and for the lambs
for the Rams and for the lambs
for the Rams and for the lambs by their number according to the
by their number according to the
by their number according to the ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a sin-offering besides the regular burnt
sin-offering besides the regular burnt
sin-offering besides the regular burnt offering with its grain offering and
offering with its grain offering and
offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings on the third day
their drink offerings on the third day
their drink offerings on the third day present 11 balls two Rams 14 lambs in
present 11 balls two Rams 14 lambs in
present 11 balls two Rams 14 lambs in their first year without blemish and
their first year without blemish and
their first year without blemish and their grain offering and their drink
their grain offering and their drink
their grain offering and their drink offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and for the lambs by their number according
for the lambs by their number according
for the lambs by their number according to the ordinance also one goats as a sin
to the ordinance also one goats as a sin
to the ordinance also one goats as a sin offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering and its
offering its grain offering and its
offering its grain offering and its drink offering on the fourth day present
drink offering on the fourth day present
drink offering on the fourth day present 10 balls two Rams and 14 lambs in their
10 balls two Rams and 14 lambs in their
10 balls two Rams and 14 lambs in their first year without blemish and their
first year without blemish and their
first year without blemish and their grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings for the balls for the Rams and for the
for the balls for the Rams and for the
for the balls for the Rams and for the lambs
lambs
lambs by their number according to the
by their number according to the
by their number according to the ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a
ordinance also one kid of the goats as a sin offering besides the regular burnt
sin offering besides the regular burnt
sin offering besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering
offering its grain offering
offering its grain offering and it's drink offering on the fifth day
and it's drink offering on the fifth day
and it's drink offering on the fifth day present nine bulls two Rams and 14 lambs
present nine bulls two Rams and 14 lambs
present nine bulls two Rams and 14 lambs in their first year without blemish and
in their first year without blemish and
in their first year without blemish and their grain offering and their drink
their grain offering and their drink
their grain offering and their drink offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and
offerings for the Bulls for the Rams and for the lambs by their number according
for the lambs by their number according
for the lambs by their number according to the ordinance also one goat as a
to the ordinance also one goat as a
to the ordinance also one goat as a sin-offering
sin-offering
sin-offering besides the regular burnt offering its
besides the regular burnt offering its
besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering and its drink offering on
grain offering and its drink offering on
grain offering and its drink offering on the sixth day present eight balls two
the sixth day present eight balls two
the sixth day present eight balls two Rams and fourteen lambs in their first
Rams and fourteen lambs in their first
Rams and fourteen lambs in their first year without blemish and their grain
year without blemish and their grain
year without blemish and their grain offering and their drink offerings for
offering and their drink offerings for
offering and their drink offerings for the balls for the Rams and for the lambs
the balls for the Rams and for the lambs
the balls for the Rams and for the lambs by their number according to the
by their number according to the
by their number according to the ordinance also one goat as a sin
ordinance also one goat as a sin
ordinance also one goat as a sin offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering and its
offering its grain offering and its
offering its grain offering and its drink offering on the seventh day
drink offering on the seventh day
drink offering on the seventh day present seven bulls two Rams and
present seven bulls two Rams and
present seven bulls two Rams and fourteen lambs in their first year
fourteen lambs in their first year
fourteen lambs in their first year without blemish and their grain offering
without blemish and their grain offering
without blemish and their grain offering and their drink offerings for the balls
and their drink offerings for the balls
and their drink offerings for the balls for the Rams and for the lambs by their
for the Rams and for the lambs by their
for the Rams and for the lambs by their number according to the ordinance also
number according to the ordinance also
number according to the ordinance also one goat as a sin-offering
one goat as a sin-offering
one goat as a sin-offering besides the regular burnt offering it's
besides the regular burnt offering it's
besides the regular burnt offering it's grain offering and it's drink offering
grain offering and it's drink offering
grain offering and it's drink offering on the eighth day you shall have a
on the eighth day you shall have a
on the eighth day you shall have a sacred assembly you shall do no
sacred assembly you shall do no
sacred assembly you shall do no customary work you shall present a burnt
customary work you shall present a burnt
customary work you shall present a burnt offering an offering made by fire as a
offering an offering made by fire as a
offering an offering made by fire as a sweet aroma to the Lord
sweet aroma to the Lord
sweet aroma to the Lord one ball one ram seven lambs in their
one ball one ram seven lambs in their
one ball one ram seven lambs in their first year without blemish and their
first year without blemish and their
first year without blemish and their grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings
grain offering and their drink offerings for the bull for the RAM and for the
for the bull for the RAM and for the
for the bull for the RAM and for the lambs by their number according to the
lambs by their number according to the
lambs by their number according to the ordinance also one goat as a sin
ordinance also one goat as a sin
ordinance also one goat as a sin offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt
offering besides the regular burnt offering its grain offering
offering its grain offering
offering its grain offering and it's drink offering these you shall
and it's drink offering these you shall
and it's drink offering these you shall present to the Lord at your appointed
present to the Lord at your appointed
present to the Lord at your appointed feasts besides your vowed offerings and
feasts besides your vowed offerings and
feasts besides your vowed offerings and your free will offerings as your burnt
your free will offerings as your burnt
your free will offerings as your burnt offerings and your grain offerings as
offerings and your grain offerings as
offerings and your grain offerings as your drink offerings and your peace
your drink offerings and your peace
your drink offerings and your peace offerings so Moses told the children of
offerings so Moses told the children of
offerings so Moses told the children of Israel everything just as the LORD
Israel everything just as the LORD
Israel everything just as the LORD commanded Moses